README.md, before:

# Metatech University. NodeJS 2022-2023 System layer on pure Node.js
Part of educational project in [Metatech University](https://github.com/metatech-university/)'s NodeJS 2022-23 course. This repository contains code of the system layer built using pure Node.js functionality. It can launch application layer from different repository (e.g. it's sibling folder) based on configuration.

The available domain layer repositories:
- [metatech-university-NodeJS2023-Application-metaschema](https://github.com/KLarpen/metatech-university-NodeJS2023-Application-metaschema).

The code is considered as the next step of progressive development of the project `d-tasks2-messenger` from [metatech-university-NodeJS2022-homework](https://github.com/KLarpen/metatech-university-NodeJS2022-homework/tree/main/JavaScript/d-tasks2-messenger) repository. Specifically as result of splitting layers into separate repositories: system and application itself. The logic behind the splitting decision is to provide ability to use the same system layer as a runner for different domain applications (i.e. application server).

Commit message:

Read application path from .applications file instead of hard coded APPLICATION const in the systemConfig

README.md, after:

# Metatech University. NodeJS 2022-2023 System layer on pure Node.js
Part of educational project in [Metatech University](https://github.com/metatech-university/)'s NodeJS 2022-23 course. This repository contains code of the system layer built using pure Node.js functionality. It can launch application layer from different repository (e.g. it's sibling folder) based on configuration: relative path to its folder declared in the `.applications` file.

The `.applications` file excluded from commit into git repository. The `.applications.example` file had been placed instead which contains reference to the domain layer folder as an example. To launch the system you should rename example file to just `.applications` or place in the root folder your own `.applications` file (_it considered that domain layer folder already exists on the runner machine_).

The available domain layer repositories:
- [metatech-university-NodeJS2023-Application-metaschema](https://github.com/KLarpen/metatech-university-NodeJS2023-Application-metaschema).

The code is considered as the next step of progressive development of the project `d-tasks2-messenger` from [metatech-university-NodeJS2022-homework](https://github.com/KLarpen/metatech-university-NodeJS2022-homework/tree/main/JavaScript/d-tasks2-messenger) repository. Specifically as result of splitting layers into separate repositories: system and application itself. The logic behind the splitting decision is to provide ability to use the same system layer as a runner for different domain applications (i.e. application server).
